[DataGrid] Remove the `preferencesPanel` slot (#11228)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-data-grid-v6/migration-data-grid-v6.md

### Removed props

- The deprecated props `components` and `componentsProps` have been removed. Use `slots` and `slotProps` instead. See [components section](/x/react-data-grid/components/) for more details.

> - The `slots.preferencesPanel` slot was removed. Use the `slots.panel` slot instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The slot `slots.preferencesPanel` and the prop `slotProps.preferencesPanel` were removed. Use the `slots.panel` slot and `slotProps.preferencesPanel` prop instead.
```
